listen black widow deserved her own
trilogy
that said it took natasha sacrificing
her own life to finally get one solo
movie
which is meant to be the start of phase
four that takes place in the middle of
phase three
right between civil war and infinity war
as she's going through her own domestic
war
like no lie this is marvel's marriage
story but this time it's scarlet playing
the kid
because it's not a prequel it's like
kind of a mid equal let me
uh as one of the og avengers there's
plenty that they could have covered for
a backstory
and while what we got was decent it does
feel like the third movie in a story arc
that we never got but kept getting
teased
and in the end it feels less of a
goodbye to scar joe and more of a hello
to the mcu
to pew let me explain so the story
begins
back in 1995 and one of the scariest
most
absolutely terrifying places for any
superhero ohio
i mean just look at what they did to
spidey pretty much natasha's been living
with an undercover family for three
years in order to harbor shield secrets
and
once they've got what they need they're
wise enough to dip to cuba but that's
when the big baddie drakov kidnaps them
and we get to see the black widow
training that's been
flashbacked and teased for so long in
the form of a titles montage
now marvel hasn't done a title sequence
for a minute and well it would have been
really cool to see this as a whole movie
it was a pretty decent opening that felt
like a really cool youtube video edit
which uh turns out was actually a
youtube video edit
in it they break down how they select
infants for their advanced genes
off their parents and then train them
through subliminal brainwashing which
no shame includes disney cartoons they
show you the politics of drakoff and how
he's involved with absolutely everyone
even showing us more footage of clinton
than of clint barton
but in the end if you want to see a
movie that actually takes place in the
red room they said go watch 50 shades
you're not a mouse melina you were just
born in a cage but that's not your fault
and then flashes to the present where
natasha is on the run as a fugitive
because of the explosion in civil war
and william hurt continues to play
secretary ross who first appeared in the
incredible hulk and seeing how they're
bringing back abomination
it looks like the mcu has just taken all
of the characters from the incredible
hulk
putting them in their own movies so that
they don't have to deal with the
universal issues
now a big reason this takes place in the
middle of phase three so that natasha
doesn't have to deal with all of the
other avengers as the director quotes
she doesn't need the boys
and so she calls her own you boy who's
been there the entire time and is
practically her alfred mixed with q who
can get whatever she wants
and according to the press notes not the
movie mason was a former soldier turned
smuggler who natasha rescued from a
cambodian prison and
now he lives to serve her and while i
thought it was hilarious how
badly she friendzoned this man clearly
homie never got the message
and it really feels like disney once
again is trying to give natasha more
love interest and taika
but there's a kind of like romantic
undercurrent you know well i mean at
least
i'm kind of into her wait a minute you
have romantic feelings about me oh god
you're not in front of everybody now
pew's character is
easily the standard in this movie hell
she herself is a black widow so the
title might as well be referencing her
because it's clear that she's going to
be the one taking the mantle it's also
yelena who kicks off the plot of the
movie when she discovers this red magic
dust antidote
that helps the widow snap out of their
midsomar trance and realize that they're
being controlled by drakov
and so she sends the vials to her
estranged sister and pays her a visit
by waving a fist in her face
talk about fighting with my family i
will give their fighting choreography
credit because i thought the hand-hand
combat was pretty cool
and way better than the other sibling
toretto rivalry that just
looked like they were playing patty cake
but when it came to the cgi heavy stuff
oh my feige did it look like a ps3
cutscene this
isn't uncharted territory for marvel so
shots should not be looking like this
i i actually had a chat with the stunts
team and i said hey can you strap us for
no reason to these machines because
[Laughter]
as is the case with a lot of 2021 movies
it's all about
family and while a big part of the
marketing is that we uh we didn't have
to make it
we made it because we wanted to make it
and that's a good place to start
um it is also designed to answer why
natasha went through with
the soul stones sacrifice uh
again i wish they didn't combine all the
backstory into one and actually fleshed
it out into several movies
have one be about the red room and how
they were trained one for the missions
specifically budapest
and then keep this one as the united
ending where they all come together to
take down their past
but we're also talking about a movie
where the best bits were improvised the
vest with all the pockets came about
because
pew like the best with all the pockets
so if you're wondering why after the
biggest global rapture of this universe
natasha didn't bring up the sister whose
vest she's wearing
that's why pew also made up the bit
about the superhero pose on sat when
when they told her that that wouldn't be
possible and that's why she insults
natasha for dancing like willow when she
fights
the stunties were like and we've got to
figure out your pose and i was like
oh christ like what's realistic how
should you land and they were like oh
well none of the superhero poses are
correct for landing
i was like did scarlett know this and
i remember just being so shocked that
everybody would die if they landed the
way that they landed
and so i went on set instead of being
like scarlett you're posed you know
it's anyway i started taking piss out of
her and eric was on set the writer and
he put that
right in 10 years of work flush it down
the toilet
so shout out to pew for really carrying
it because the main thing that was
written for her
is that she's so angsty and is super
anxious to die
this would be a cool way to die this is
a much less cool way to die
this was fun i mean even her favorite
song is american pie that has a line
this will be the day that i die i just
wish that in building up yelena they
didn't have to tear down natasha
like she really comes off as someone
who's always belittling her little
sister
turns out that she abandoned her turns
out that she killed a literal child
except i'm not the one that's on the
cover of a magazine i'm not the killer
that little girls call their hero
it feels like marvel's the last dance
where they've been slowly getting rid of
all the older
more expensive actors in order to bring
in the young blood i mean they
practically traded in one scarlet for
another yeah we were just this random
other unit that was fighting in a ditch
for
like weeks uh when lizzie came along we
were like
and where have you been we you get to do
the awesome hero pose
we've been eating dirt for you know
three weeks after they get together they
set out to get their
dad out of a high security prison by uh
flying in and killing everyone with an
avalanche just to realize that alexi
doesn't know where the red room that
they're looking for is
because you know he's been in prison i
really am america's ass
hal boyce also very self-centered really
only concerned about his glory days when
he fought caps and
he was supposed to be the soviets
captain russia but because this is a
movie about family
all the terrible things that he did like
selling out the girls
is forgiving because he's sang a song
and i may or may not david have gotten a
call at one point
um david wants to sing a song in the
theme with florence what he what he has
an idea wants to sing a song all right
you can always cut it out molina plays
her mother who's adopted some of the
worst traits from drakov who she's the
lead scientist for
she's actually the one pioneering this
brain control tech to help him build his
army and she tests it out on these pigs
who she apparently cares for
by suffocating them like i'm cool with
making them scummy people right but
you can't have it both ways you got to
go all the way somehow she's her comic
villain persona of iron maiden who will
have them run into the hills
but then she's also mommy dearest tell
me how did you keep your
heart the baddie here though is a
complete scum it turns out that the
reason they could never find him was
because the red room which
was created during the 60s space race
was up in the sky
and shields never had a threat come from
up there but you see
he sees girls as a renewable resource
that he wants to control
through pheromones and while they've got
detect to change your
entire face the faculty never thought of
other ways to get around this smell so
natasha has to bust her nose to bust out
the world wide widows i think
taskmaster is natasha's psyche natasha's
then forced to face her past
when she straight up killed a little
girl in order to get to her father
who again is so sick he just turned his
own daughter into a war machine bucky
they legit had taskmaster watching the
infinity saga to mimic all the moves
from the past movies
as the writers just mimicked plot
elements from the winter soldier
and also the villain twist from iron man
3 plain scene and all
cause like you can see it in the walk
they really had the sound mixers pushing
the effects up to 11 to overcompensate
she really struts around like she's in
batman's iron suit that would crush
natasha but it's really all just there
to dupe the audience
to the point that they even lied in the
marketing taskmaster
he's an unrelenting force one of his
power is its photographic reflexes
he has the ability to mimic other
characters moves
task master will stop at nothing until
he accomplishes his mission
disney out here trying to make
statements but can't get test masters
pronouns
and didn't shortchange him in any way
for some sort of agenda i was interested
in making
a film which wasn't saying society
committed these crimes but saying
my family did so not black widow
if y'all haven't caught lore do so
because i don't know how kate shortly
went from that movie to this
like i know marvel wants them to just
direct half the movie right but
damn marta was right about how they
approach filmmakers i was wondering why
several shots here resembled mission
impossible fallout
only to find out that they actually
tried getting the cinematographer from
mission impossible fallout
they even had delayed crediting who the
cinematographer was going to be which
was a little bit of a big deal
until you realize that they got his
blueprints and then swapped them
i guess they really were inspired by
white widow just didn't have that
authenticity
it doesn't make any sense okay why
so he's russia yeah in russia
he'd be speaking russia
[Music]
yes so the entire movie should be me
speaking russian
with subtitles now four years ago i said
to the producers
if we didn't make the film in german
then i couldn't direct it
because i just knew it wouldn't have
worked at all it makes no sense with all
the multiverse talks though
and all the timelines that they're
talking about i guess you can never say
never on a return
it might not be the final goodbye since
mila jovovich's daughter can't take up
the prequels that they never gave scar
joe
and also her stunt woman who's been
there since the beginning including
heidi moneymaker who does all the
that's her real name i definitely
recommend the espn doc on her and how
her career expanded to include her
sister who also started doing stunt work
for captain marvel
even filming a scene together where
heidi played the bus kick in grandma
so it's it's not just sad to say goodbye
to scarjo but also to
the person who made all of these iconic
moves for the past decade
in a movie that's now making fun of all
of our iconic moves from the past decade
but with such
a long history it sucks to see that
scarlett went through more battles
off-screen than she did on now were you
able to wear
undergarments you're like the fifth
person that's out oh no because
what is going on scarlett um obviously
your character could have easily just
been kind of
written off as the sexy one of the team
how important is it that really
have you seen chris hemsworth well well
is it inappropriate
to ask somebody what kind of underpants
they were i didn't ask you what kind
you just asked me if i was wearing any
in the end it's meant to be a movie
about self-forgiveness
family and what leads to natasha's end
game in the mcu as she wipes out all the
red and as yelena snatches the mantle
and realizes that she too has had all
these sisters all along
now real quick remember how iron man
ended his first movie with the line
i am iron man which came back to play
for his incredible final goodbye
remember how steve rogers send off was
that dance that he had postponed for so
long
how yondu got to die being the daddy
figure he knew he was
natasha got fireflies which calls back
to
the beginning of this movie firefly
thank you all for watching this video
and i'm just know your thoughts down
below in the comment section we waited
this long to get this put into theaters
and then also premiere plus access so
you know i'm i don't hate premiere plus
access but it was interesting to see
that nato the the national association
for the theaters came out and
yo they were dissing this but that's a
whole conversation between
movie theaters and disney for another
video something that we've covered in
the past as well but
in terms of the movie it was okay i'm
happy that she's now
executive producer on the final thing
that she could possibly get i know
disney was happy to drop
all the highest billing people that they
had in order to assemble something else
but when it comes to the character of
natasha you know i wish that they had
given her a proper trilogy a proper
movie
i i still think she should have been
there for the avengers assemble bit um
but i understand that the fireflies bit
here well again just
something that came out of nowhere it's
not supposed to showcase that she's
supposed to be there forever
i guess also the fact that fireflies the
female fireflies eat the male fireflies
but
other than that it's a decent maybe
junior price i think at this point i
still have it as a rented
i do wish that they would have delivered
on all the stuff that they were teasing
throughout all of the promotional stuff
i know the after credits is again just
pushing the fact that it's going to be
pew's character who's going to continue
uh they had that valentina benadryl de
fontaine come out
it looks like she's going to do her
anti-avengers we'll see where she takes
that
uh i'm kind of excited for the hawkeye
series we'll see how that goes how
they're able to expand it
i think he's one of the last og ones to
go they put thor with guardians of the
galaxy to split his billing
but we'll see how they expanded from
there i'm still someone who
has been kind of disappointed with the
mcu lately i know not everyone's a big
fan of that
it's become a point where you can't say
anything negative or else
you know you're you're dissing the
church but uh
i'm curious to see where they take it i
hope they're still able to do some good
stuff because as excited as i was for
them to get
directors who come from an independent
scene it seems like they're just getting
directors who
you know aren't really a parts of big
agencies and thus they're able to make
you know the same movies that they've
been making um without any pushback but
will they really take this and i'm
curious to hear your theories on what
they're going to do with all these
characters
and until next time don't forget to
comment like subscribe and i'll send you
pew's pocketfest